content/projects/index.md, before:

+++
date = "2021-09-01T12:00:00+00:00"
draft = false
menu = "main"
weight = 30
title = "Projects"
+++

## Private

- [The Samples Project](https://github.com/themue/samples/) containing programming code,
  deployment descriptors, and configurations for articles, talks, trainings, and workshops
- [BBGo](https://github.com/themue/bbgo/) for Go programming with BBEdit on macOS

## Tideland

### Go Modules

- [Go Audit](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/audit) for testing and test data generation
- [Go Actor](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/actor) for simple goroutine development
- [Go Cells](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/cells) for event processing
- [Go UUID](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/uuid) for generation of unique identifiers

> NOTE
>
> There is some more stuff in the [Tideland repositories](https://github.com/tideland), just
> take a look. It's group in larger repositories and so sadly hard to find. So I'll now step
> by step split these repositories into individual smaller projects.

### Applications

- Simple demonstration of Kubernetes Operators in Go with [CoDis](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/codis)

Commit message:

Add blog entry for actor and wait

content/projects/index.md, after:

+++
date = "2021-09-01T12:00:00+00:00"
draft = false
menu = "main"
weight = 30
title = "Projects"
+++

## Private

- [The Samples Project](https://github.com/themue/samples/) containing programming code,
  deployment descriptors, and configurations for articles, talks, trainings, and workshops
- [BBGo](https://github.com/themue/bbgo/) for Go programming with BBEdit on macOS

## Tideland

### Go Modules

- [Go Audit](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/audit) for testing and test data generation
- [Go Actor](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/actor) for concurrency following the actor model
- [Go Cells](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/cells) for event processing
- [Go UUID](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/uuid) for generation of unique identifiers
- [Go Wait](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/go/wait) for polling of desired conditions

> NOTE
>
> There is some more stuff in the [Tideland repositories](https://github.com/tideland), just
> take a look. It's group in larger repositories and so sadly hard to find. So I'll now step
> by step split these repositories into individual smaller projects.

### Applications

- Simple demonstration of Kubernetes Operators in Go with [CoDis](https://pkg.go.dev/mod/tideland.dev/codis)
